Contributor License Agreement (CLA)

This Contributor License Agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into between the
Contributor (“You”) and Project Cashmere (“Project”).

"Contribution" shall mean any original work of authorship, including any
modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally submitted
by You to the Project.

1. Ownership & Copyright. You retain all copyright and intellectual property
rights to your contribution. Nothing in this Agreement shall transfer ownership
of the contribution to the Project.

2. Grant of Rights. By submitting a contribution to the Project, you, the
Contributor, grant the Project the irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide right
to: a) Use, reproduce, modify, distribute, and sublicense the contributed work,
including under a proprietary license; b) Redistribute your contribution as part
of the Project or in other formats, subject to the licensing terms the Project
determines.

3. Patent License. You grant the Project a perpetual, irrevocable,
non-exclusive, worldwide license to use any patents or patent rights that you
hold or control that are necessary to make, use, sell, or distribute the
contribution. This license includes the right for the Project to sublicense your
contribution, including the right to redistribute the contribution under
different licenses, including proprietary licenses.

4. License Compatibility. You agree that your contribution may be redistributed
under a different license, including proprietary licenses, at the sole
discretion of the Project.

5. No Warranty. Your contributions are provided “as is” and without any warranty
of any kind, express or implied. You are not expected to provide support for
Your Contributions, except to the extent You desire to provide support. You may
provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all.

6. Termination. This Agreement is perpetual and cannot be revoked, except in the
case of withdrawal of a specific contribution in writing, as allowed by
applicable law.

By submitting your contribution, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to
the terms of this Contributor License Agreement.
